# CyberSecurity-Portfolio
A portfolio for showcasing my progress and achievements in cyber security.
#  About Me
** Ralph E. Carson II **
** Hometown: Cleveland, OH **
** Prior Experience: Although I am new to IT, my previous roles have provided foundations on which cyber security is based on. Knowing how to identify phishing attempts, identifying social engineers who are trying to use manipulation to gain access to sensitive information, identifying threats that are in progress and minimizing the damage that has the potential to harm the customer or the business itself are all things I'm familiar with. I'm interested in furthering the core principles to gain more exposure to the technical side of cyber security and utilize this information to elevate my professional career. My inspiration for wanting to step into this role comes from several places, the biggest being my son. His knowledge of computers surpasses my own at that age and i want to be able to pass something along to him to help inspire him to look into technology as a career choice. Secondly, i have family members who have been victims of data breaches and i want to be able to share with them how to be safe as possible with their personal data. Third, i worked for a telecommunications company that experienced two large data breaches in 2024 and i got to see and experience the fallout from a company's standpoint of what happens when these type of events occur**
** Career Plans: My goal is to complete cyber security training and start a stable and rewarding path to gain as much knowledge as possible to further my professional career. Starting out as an security analyst would be ideal and would help me reach the position of CISO one day. I fully intend to devote my focus on achieving this goal for a more robust and bright future. **
** Proud Project: My most rewarding role to date was provided to me because at that time my product knowledge and analytical thinking afforded me to be seen as an asset to a previous company. Instead of dealing with customers firsthand, my task was to help other employees navigate difficult escalations, complicated situations, and technical issues with hardware and software. **
